DOCSP-42329: Retrieve data (#54)
mongodb/docs-scala: source/read/retrieve.txt

Overview
--------

In this guide, you can learn how to use the {+driver-short+} to retrieve
data from a MongoDB collection by using **read operations**. You can call the
``find()`` method on a collection to retrieve documents that match a set of
criteria.

Sample Data
~~~~~~~~~~~

The examples in this guide use the ``companies`` collection in the ``sample_training``
database from the :atlas:`Atlas sample datasets </sample-data>`. To access this collection
from your Scala application, create a ``MongoClient`` that connects to an Atlas cluster
and assign the following value to your ``database`` and ``collection`` variables:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/read/retrieve.scala
    :language: scala
    :dedent:
    :start-after: start-db-coll
    :end-before: end-db-coll

To learn how to create a free MongoDB Atlas cluster and load the sample datasets, see the
:atlas:`Get Started with Atlas </getting-started>` guide.

.. _scala-retrieve-find:

Find Documents
--------------

To retrieve documents from a collection, use the ``find()`` method. This method
takes a **query filter** parameter and returns an instance of the ``FindObservable`` class 

> from which you can access the query results. The ``FindObservable`` class also
> provides additional methods that you can chain to ``find()`` to modify its behavior,

Reviewer: This might be more accurate

```suggestion
from which you can access the query results. The ``FindObservable`` class also
provides additional methods that you can chain to a ``FindObservable`` instance to modify its behavior,
```

such as ``first()``.

.. TODO:
 .. tip::
    
    .. To learn more about query filters, see the :ref:`scala-specify-query` guide.

.. _scala-retrieve-find-multiple:

Find Multiple Documents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To find multiple documents in a collection, pass a query filter to the
``find()`` method that specifies the criteria of the documents you want to
retrieve. 

The ``find()`` method returns an instance of ``FindObservable``, which you can
iterate to see the matching documents. Use the ``subscribe()`` method to iterate

> the ``FindObservable``.

Reviewer: Q: Should this be "iterate through" or is just saying "iterate" alone accurate here?
